Update operator_kubecluster.rst (#583)
dask/dask-kubernetes: doc/source/operator_kubecluster.rst

   cluster.add_worker_group(custom_spec=worker_spec)

Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
--------------------------------

In order to spawn a Dask cluster from a pod that runs on the cluster, the service account creating that pod will require
a set of RBAC permissions. Create a service account you will use for Dask, and then attach the
following ClusterRole to that ServiceAccount via a ClusterRoleBinding:

.. code-block:: yaml

   kind: ClusterRole
   apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
   metadata:
     name: dask-cluster-role
   rules:
     # Application: watching & handling for the custom resource we declare.
     - apiGroups: [kubernetes.dask.org]
       resources: [daskclusters, daskworkergroups, daskworkergroups/scale, daskjobs, daskautoscalers]
       verbs: [get, list, watch, patch, create, delete]

>      # Application: other resources it produces and manipulates.
>      # Here, we create/delete Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Application: other resources it needs to watch and get information from.
```

Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
--------------------------------

In order to spawn a Dask cluster from a pod that runs on the cluster, the service account creating that pod will require
a set of RBAC permissions. Create a service account you will use for Dask, and then attach the
following ClusterRole to that ServiceAccount via a ClusterRoleBinding:

.. code-block:: yaml

   kind: ClusterRole
   apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
   metadata:
     name: dask-cluster-role
   rules:
     # Application: watching & handling for the custom resource we declare.
     - apiGroups: [kubernetes.dask.org]
       resources: [daskclusters, daskworkergroups, daskworkergroups/scale, daskjobs, daskautoscalers]
       verbs: [get, list, watch, patch, create, delete]

     # Application: other resources it produces and manipulates.
     # Here, we create/delete Pods.
     - apiGroups:
       - ""  # indicates the core API group
       resources: [pods, pods/status]
       verbs: ["*"]

     - apiGroups: 
       - ""  # indicates the core API group
       resources: [services]
       verbs: ["*"]

     - apiGroups: ["", events.k8s.io]
       resources: [events]

>        verbs: ["*"]

Reviewer: I don't think we should need any of these as the controller handles creating all of the objects.

Author: @jacobtomlinson I have updated the verbs and resources needed. I believe these are the minimum requirements to get things going.
